Stronger Language around Interop Profiles (#50)
decentralized-identity/trust-establishment: spec/spec.md

> [[ref:Trust Establishment Documents]] may fit into any number of embed targets – verifiable wrappers or embedded proofing formats - to enable data integrity. This specification takes no position on which means are suitable to provide integrity of [[ref:Trust Establishment Documents]] or [[ref:Topics]], however provide a number of examples for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[ref:Trust Establishment Documents]] may fit into any number of embed targets – verifiable wrappers or embedded proofing formats - to enable data integrity. This specification takes no position on which means are suitable to provide integrity of [[ref:Trust Establishment Documents]] or [[ref:Topics]]; the examples it provides should be taken as illustrative rather than normative in regards to those decisions at higher layers.
```

::: warning Interoperability Notice

> This specification details only a data format and is therefore insufficient for coordinating interoperability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification details only a data model rather than a complete syntax and is therefore insufficient for coordinating interoperability across implementations. 
```

> Interoperability is only possible with the use of one or more Interoperability Profile(s) which fully specify the implementation details of document integrity, publication, and discovery. As such, this specification MUST not be referenced as either a requirement or an declaration of compatibility. The appropriate Interoperability Profile(s) MUST be referenced directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interoperability is only possible between two implementations, each of which conform to one or more Interoperability Profile(s) which fully specify the implementation details of document integrity, publication, and discovery supported for the other to target. Conformance to this low-level specification does not guarantee compatibility across implementations; instead, these higher-level Interoperability Profile(s) must be targeted.
```
